Instead of helping an aged dwarf woman across a road, you should be shooting her in the face with arrows until it stops being funny.
I am Richard, Chief Warlock of the Brothers of Darkness, Lord of the Thirteen Hells, Master of the Bones, Emperor of the Black, Lord of the undead, and the mayor of a little village up the coast. Very scenic during spring time. You should visit sometime.
Listen, like I told your captain, that orphanage attacked me.
Grr? I'm just acting out because I don't get to kill anyone.
Bad news Cale, I'm afraid that your position as my closest and dearest companion is being replaced by the fellow who just tackled a dragon.
Behold! I have discovered the fork of truth, who would dare oppose me now?
No idea what he is talking about, but I respect his attitude and willingness to kill.
Killing means never having to say you're sorry.
Attack him. The winner gets to be my pet for all eternity...or until I find something with larger teeth. And a fork.
Quite the dilemma. We kill the child and we return to our time. Or we torture then kill the child, and we return to our time. Decisions, decisions.
I was just going to look. With fire. And lightning. And reanimated chipmunks. And raccoons. On fire.
Rejoice. For very bad things are about to happen.
Cale? I noticed someone submitted a note into the suggestion box. "We should kill all the survivors and take their shoes." It's signed anonymously. We'll never know who wrote it. I wrote it.
'Battlemage' is about as impressive a title as Lord of the Dance.
I'm adding Lord of the Dance to my titles.
I didn't expect to find you in the middle of a battle. Was the library closed?
The look on your face when a toddler rips out your heart and shows it to you? Priceless. For everything else, there's fwoosh.
It's time for me to stop all this adventuring. I need to settle down. Find a farm, a family. Then slaughter them all and find a new farm and family.
Please ignore the fact that my hand is on fire. It is not meant to be an aggressive gesture. It's how I say hello.